hey guys this is comic unknown comic
frontline and today I'm doing a 101
video on Ultimate Spider Woman Jessica
drew or the ultimate universe person
recommended this was Roxas the best
everyone go check out their channel go
in the description below if you want to
recommend any one-on-one videos for the
future please tell me comments below
because IV 101 videos every week every
Sunday on comic frontline so be sure to
recommend away but let's have a bath
Ultimate Spider Woman who is she she's
the clone of Peter Parker she's the
female clone of Peter Parker in the
alternate universe so her big story was
in the Clone Saga oh the ultimate
universe so she is pretty much the Ben
Riley of ultimate universe but there
still is a Ben Riley's in in the
Ultimate Universe so it gets a little
confusing but she kind of is Ben Riley
away um yeah let's get started in what
comics you should read if you are
interested in the character so first of
course it's all of the ultimate Clone
Saga which is issue 97 through 105 of
the original Ultima comics fireman it's
in trade so it's easy to get so that is
the best story I would recommend for
Spider Woman because again that's her
origin stories so be sure to check that
out
but she's not really in the Peter Parker
series that often but she is in the
Miles Morales series a lot so if the
second bond the third volume of Altan
Ultimate Comics fireman with Miles
Morales um she starts out in issue 4 but
she's scattered throughout the series so
I recommend you read the whole series
anyways but Maz Morales that run there's
some really cool aspire woman stories
but again it's scattered around so
you're gonna have to jump around Maisie
for she that's her first appearance to
that series now she's awesome in this
series I don't really recommend it I
don't like the series at all but I'm
gonna say it exists all new Ultimates
it's a new series spire woman's on a
team with Kate pride cloak-and-dagger
Miles Morales and it's not a good series
I don't recommend it but she's in it and
that's the current thing she's in um I
don't see how they popped up in Miles
Morales Ultimate Comics fireman the new
series yet I'm sure she will pop up
every once in a while there so um yeah
those are a series that do you recommend
for her um so hope this helped you guys
you new readers and hope you guys
enjoyed this is comic
guys don't get to follow me on Twitter
for comic your nail and ride situations
and don't get like my facebook page and
I'll see you guys later
fine